USAGE.md, before:

# Usage Guide


## Commands (stack manipulation)

### push onto stack
```
% comp 3 4
3
4
```

### drop
```
% comp 3 4 drop
3
```

### duplicate
duplicate last element
```
% comp 3 4 dup
3
4
4
```

### swap
reverse order of last two elements
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 swap
1
2
4
3pm 
```

### clear stack
reverse order of last two elements
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 cls

```

### roll stack
rotate stack elements such that the last element becomes the first
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 roll
4
1
2
3
```

### rotate stack
rotate stack elements such that the first element becomes the last (reverse direction from roll operation)
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 rot
2
3
4
1
```


---
## Commands (memory usage)

### store and retrieve
The values `a b c` can be stored using the store command (e.g, `sa`) into memory for retrieval (e.g., `a`) in subsequent operations. The stored value is removed from the stack when the store command is executed.
```
% comp 1 2 3 sa drop a
1
3
```


## Commands (math operations)

### add
```
% comp 3 4 +
7
```

### subtract
```
% comp 3 4 -
-1
```

### multiply
```
% comp 3 4 x
12
```

### divide
```
% comp 3 4 /
0.75
```

### add all
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 +_
10
```

### multiply all
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 x_
24
```

### change sign
```
% comp 3 chs
-3
```

### absolute value
```
% comp -3 abs
3
```

### round
```
% comp 10.2 round
10
```

### invert (1/x)
```
% comp 3 inv
0.3333333333333333
```

### square root
```
% comp 2 sqrt
1.4142135623730951
```

### nth root
```
% comp 9 2 throot
3
```

### find principal roots
For this operation, the coefficients `a b c` of the quadratic equation `ax^2 + bx + c = 0` are pushed onto the stack. The real and imaginary components of the principal roots (root1 and root2) of the equation are returned to the stack in the order `real1 imag1 real2 imag2`. The example below finds the roots of the equation `x^2 - 9 = 0`.
```
% comp 1 0 -9 proot
3
0
-3
0
```

### exponentiation
```
% comp 2 4 ^
16
```

### modulus
```
% comp 5 2 %
1
```

### factorial
```
% comp 5 !
120
```

### greatest common divisor
```
% comp 10 55 gcd
5
```

### pi
```
% comp pi
3.141592653589793
```

### Euler's number (e)
```
% comp e
2.718281828459045
```

### convert degrees to radians / arcsine
```
% comp pi 2 /
1.5707963267948966

% comp pi 2 / r_d
90

% comp 90 d_r
1.5707963267948966
```

### sine / arcsine
```
% comp pi 2 / sin
1

% comp pi 2 / sin asin
1.5707963267948966
```

### cosine / arcosine
```
% comp 0 cos
1

% comp 0 cos acos
0
```

### tangent / arctangent
```
% comp pi 4 / tan
0.9999999999999999

% comp pi 4 / tan atan 4 x
3.141592653589793
```

### log (base 10)
```
% comp 10 2 ^ log
2
```

### log (base 2)
```
% comp 256 log2
8
```

### log (base n)
```
% comp 256 2 logn
8
```

### natural log
```
% comp e ln
1
```


---
## Commands (file usage)

### --file option (also -f)
The file flag allows the use of commands defined within a source file.
```
% comp --file <filename>
```


---
## Commands (control flow)

### functions
User-defined functions can be defined by indicating the start of a function with the `fn` keyword followed by the function name then a list of operations and terminated with the `end` keyword. The user function is executed by calling the function name as shown in the examples below.
```
% comp fn square dup x end 16 square
256
```
```
% comp fn double 2 x end 250 double
500
```

Note that functions are most useful when combined with the file option. The cube function can be defined and executed in a source file and passed to the comp command using the file option.
```
( cube.cm )
( note - comments are identified inside parentheses. 
  there must be whitespace surrounding each parenthesis.
  multiline comments are supported. )

fn cube
  3 ^
end

5 cube
8 cube
```
```
% comp -f cube.cm
125
512
```

Functions can also be nested and used in definitions of other user-defined functions. The cube function could also be defined by making use of a user-defined square function.
```
( cube.cm )

fn cube
  dup square x
end

fn square
  dup x
end

8 cube
```
```
% comp -f cube.cm
512
```

Commit message:

added conversion commands to usage guide

USAGE.md, after:

# Usage Guide


## Commands (stack manipulation)

### push onto stack
```
% comp 3 4
3
4
```

### drop
```
% comp 3 4 drop
3
```

### duplicate
duplicate last element
```
% comp 3 4 dup
3
4
4
```

### swap
reverse order of last two elements
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 swap
1
2
4
3pm 
```

### clear stack
reverse order of last two elements
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 cls

```

### roll stack
rotate stack elements such that the last element becomes the first
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 roll
4
1
2
3
```

### rotate stack
rotate stack elements such that the first element becomes the last (reverse direction from roll operation)
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 rot
2
3
4
1
```


---
## Commands (memory usage)

### store and retrieve
The values `a b c` can be stored using the store command (e.g, `sa`) into memory for retrieval (e.g., `a`) in subsequent operations. The stored value is removed from the stack when the store command is executed.
```
% comp 1 2 3 sa drop a
1
3
```


## Commands (math operations)

### add
```
% comp 3 4 +
7
```

### subtract
```
% comp 3 4 -
-1
```

### multiply
```
% comp 3 4 x
12
```

### divide
```
% comp 3 4 /
0.75
```

### add all
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 +_
10
```

### multiply all
```
% comp 1 2 3 4 x_
24
```

### change sign
```
% comp 3 chs
-3
```

### absolute value
```
% comp -3 abs
3
```

### round
```
% comp 10.2 round
10
```

### invert (1/x)
```
% comp 3 inv
0.3333333333333333
```

### square root
```
% comp 2 sqrt
1.4142135623730951
```

### nth root
```
% comp 9 2 throot
3
```

### find principal roots
For this operation, the coefficients `a b c` of the quadratic equation `ax^2 + bx + c = 0` are pushed onto the stack. The real and imaginary components of the principal roots (root1 and root2) of the equation are returned to the stack in the order `real1 imag1 real2 imag2`. The example below finds the roots of the equation `x^2 - 9 = 0`.
```
% comp 1 0 -9 proot
3
0
-3
0
```

### exponentiation
```
% comp 2 4 ^
16
```

### modulus
```
% comp 5 2 %
1
```

### factorial
```
% comp 5 !
120
```

### greatest common divisor
```
% comp 10 55 gcd
5
```

### pi
```
% comp pi
3.141592653589793
```

### Euler's number (e)
```
% comp e
2.718281828459045
```

### convert degrees to radians (and reverse)
```
% comp pi 2 /
1.5707963267948966

% comp pi 2 / r_d
90

% comp 90 d_r
1.5707963267948966
```

### sine / arcsine
```
% comp pi 2 / sin
1

% comp pi 2 / sin asin
1.5707963267948966
```

### cosine / arcosine
```
% comp 0 cos
1

% comp 0 cos acos
0
```

### tangent / arctangent
```
% comp pi 4 / tan
0.9999999999999999

% comp pi 4 / tan atan 4 x
3.141592653589793
```

### log (base 10)
```
% comp 10 2 ^ log
2
```

### log (base 2)
```
% comp 256 log2
8
```

### log (base n)
```
% comp 256 2 logn
8
```

### natural log
```
% comp e ln
1
```


---
## Commands (conversion)

### convert between hexadecimal, binary, and decimal
```
% comp c0 h_d
192

% comp 192 d_h
c0

% comp 192 d_b
1100000

% comp 11000000 b_d
192
```


---
## Commands (file usage)

### --file option (also -f)
The file flag allows the use of commands defined within a source file.
```
% comp --file <filename>
```


---
## Commands (control flow)

### functions
User-defined functions can be defined by indicating the start of a function with the `fn` keyword followed by the function name then a list of operations and terminated with the `end` keyword. The user function is executed by calling the function name as shown in the examples below.
```
% comp fn square dup x end 16 square
256
```
```
% comp fn double 2 x end 250 double
500
```

Note that functions are most useful when combined with the file option. The cube function can be defined and executed in a source file and passed to the comp command using the file option.
```
( cube.cm )
( note - comments are identified inside parentheses. 
  there must be whitespace surrounding each parenthesis.
  multiline comments are supported. )

fn cube
  3 ^
end

5 cube
8 cube
```
```
% comp -f cube.cm
125
512
```

Functions can also be nested and used in definitions of other user-defined functions. The cube function could also be defined by making use of a user-defined square function.
```
( cube.cm )

fn cube
  dup square x
end

fn square
  dup x
end

8 cube
```
```
% comp -f cube.cm
512
```
